today I'm giving her a few on the new
iPhone 10
I mean iPhone X
now if first impressions of the iPhone
exhale I'm sorry this is my formal
apology I didn't mean to I started
saying it ironically for just the
Internet and I tried I tried so hard in
this video to get it right so I'm sorry
sorry I mispronounced iPhone X did you
did you say iPhone X again look guys
it's a Chase Jarvis in the wilds you got
away with the words if I'm worth your
time whatever when you look so fun
company a homeboy
[Music]
shoot John here he goes while backlit
and beautiful to make everybody feel
that they chose John I've been modeling
for the first reformist photographer
Chase Jarvis he is a man of many talents
he's everywhere he has all the video
series YouTube channel and he also runs
creative life so he's he's very
hyphenated talented dude but he just
gave a talk yeah what's up Gary I know
you watch sarah's channel so this is
just the way we're punking here so I did
if you could take one little pro tip
that you found crusted out load them by
large creators they haven't defined what
it is that they actually want they say I
want to take videos of landscapes and
people but they haven't had either
through fear or through actual focus
they can't say that I want to be a
National Geographic photographer
focusing specifically on India and I
want to dedicate X part of my life to
that mostly they just say I want to take
pictures and if you don't know where you
want to go to be very hard for you to
get there and I just you know we took a
bunch of questions from the audience and
as a question not just it in a session
on Saturday but I see this all the time
so if you're out there decide what it is
you want to do be become in the world
and get real crisp on it and then go I'm
a big believer in speaking things into
motion yeah so heck yeah what do you
want to do and like say it then do it
you do you do a great job at that Chase
Jarvis channel creative live channel
where's this video gonna be on good
question I think it's gonna be a
creative live comm probably have some
short URL that I'll figure out yeah my
youtube channel as well which is just a
service yeah so many good nuggets and
interviews on that channel thank you yes
I am back home is all it was all cold
out there cuz it was so windy but then I
come back to the apartment and the Sun
the Sun and the light is just filling up
the entire place
look at this light and I don't know if
I've shown you guys look at the windows
hmm so one of the last videos I did
where I showed you guys the studio the
office studio that we are moving and to
very soon I am so excited for that I
packed in a ton of news in one video is
one of those things where I've just been
going going going lately and I've been
having a lot of cool video ideas and
I've been executing on them but with
that I haven't been sharing all of the
little details of my life
and I did kind of breeze over the fact
that I do have a new apartment was there
you early in your previous but meant for
like seven months yes and I was obsessed
with that so basically we just moved
within the same building because I love
my building I love set there's laundry
in the building the doormen are just so
super nice it was just a little upgrade
to a one-bedroom instead of a studio
apartment we out here guys yo girls on
the come up watch out so thinks of it
very very slowly coming it together
assembling furniture but all of this
stuff that's taking up the majority of
the living room is what we're bringing
to the studio which is happening
[Music]
I'm sorry
why is dabbing still a thing I'm gonna
catch you guys on the flippity-flop cuz
yo girl has a video to edit and pub it
is also 9 p.m. and I'm out and about
tonight just upload on my video got it
edited done but now I'm gonna pop it in
to a event this event is for Lewis house
he is releasing a new book he's an
internet friend that I'm going to meet
for the first time tonight
[Music]
signing in books
given the pep talks the major plug right
here bringing him into the
okay so I'm here with the Lewis house
you have the new butter first and Chris
masks of masculinity what is it mostly
winter geyser one
so actually 85% of you are guys here's
the thing if you want to achieve
incredible results and your career your
business in the tech world anyone have
an amazing relationship with a small
girl but actually really deep vulnerable
loving I'm telling you check out this
master bathroom it's gonna help you open
up on a whole new way it's gonna be a
little scary and uncomfortable but
that's where the fruit is of life so
make sure you jump out there check it
out the manor to think and make sure you
share this out there's this girl amazing
Chase Jarvis was in today's vlog
okay I am back home you guys get some
wisdom from Chase Jarvis and Lois house
today
holy cow are you overwhelmed by wisdom
it's so funny I'm going through the
comments of the video I just posted
about the iPhone 10 and I'm really
stoked on the video I think it turned
out really really great however I said
iPhone X I think three times in the
video and then the rest of it I said
iPhone 10 but I'm just getting tore
apart man
it's circling outside of the Phe fam
community man the haters gonna hate
so funny I started saying iPhone X just
to troll people because I know the
peoples on the internet are so
passionate about correcting people its
iPhone 10 not iPhone X and then because
I kept saying it so much jokingly it
really just wiggled its way into my
vocabulary anywho the world keeps
spinning I am stoked to get my hands on
my iPhone 10 if you have watched the
video yet you can check it out up here I
appreciate you guys hanging out with me
today in the best city in the web
everyone's information is in the
description below if you want to check
it out I should probably go to bed it's
late it's very late
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week until next time
stay peachy okay
you
[Music]